README.md, before:

## Open Mainframe Project Logos

In this repo, we have artwork in standard formats for the Open Mainframe Project [projects](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/) and programs. We prepare artwork in 2 formats (PNG & SVG) and at least 3 versions (color/black/white).

With many browsers, you can right click and copy the logo of your choice below. Please note that although PNG is more common, SVG file sizes are smaller, supported in all modern web browsers, and a high-resolution format suitable for both print and high-resolution computer screens.

* [Active Projects](examples/active.md)
  * [ADE](examples/active.md#ade-logos)
  * [Mentorship](examples/active.md#mentorship-logos)
  * [Zowe](examples/active.md#zowe-logos)
* [Incubating Projects](examples/incubating.md)
  * [Ambitus](examples/incubating.md#ambitus-logos)
  * [Atom language syntax highlighting for z/VM](examples/incubating.md#atom-language-syntax-highlighting-for-zvm-logos)
  * [Feilong](examples/incubating.md#feilong-logos)
  * [Polycephaly](examples/incubating.md#polycephaly-logos)
  * [TerseDecompress](examples/incubating.md#tersedecompress-logos)
  * [Zorow](examples/incubating.md#zorow-logos)
* [Other Open Mainframe Project Logos](examples/other.md)
  * [Open Mainframe Project](examples/other.md#open-mainframe-project-logos)
  * [Open Mainframe Project Member](examples/other.md#open-mainframe-project-member-logos)
  * [Linux Foundation Member](examples/other.md#linux-foundation-member-logos)
  * [Zowe Conformant](examples/other.md#zowe-conformant-logos)

Use of any trademark or logo is subject to the trademark policy available at https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage with the key excepts available at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/artwork/blob/master/LICENSE.md.

The [Zowe Conformant](examples/other.md#zowe-conformant) marks are only available for use with [conformant](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/zowe/conformance) implementations and must comply with the [brand guidelines](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/zowe/conformance/branding-guide).

Questions? Please email [info@openmainframeproject.org](mailto:info@openmainframeproject.org).

Commit message:

Add new Zowe logo
Signed-off-by: John Mertic <jmertic@linuxfoundation.org>

README.md, after:

## Open Mainframe Project Logos

In this repo, we have artwork in standard formats for the Open Mainframe Project [projects](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/) and programs. We prepare artwork in 2 formats (PNG & SVG) and at least 3 versions (color/black/white).

With many browsers, you can right click and copy the logo of your choice below. Please note that although PNG is more common, SVG file sizes are smaller, supported in all modern web browsers, and a high-resolution format suitable for both print and high-resolution computer screens.

* [Active Projects](examples/active.md)
  * [ADE](examples/active.md#ade-logos)
  * [Mentorship](examples/active.md#mentorship-logos)
  * [Zowe](examples/active.md#zowe-logos)
* [Incubating Projects](examples/incubating.md)
  * [Ambitus](examples/incubating.md#ambitus-logos)
  * [Atom language syntax highlighting for z/VM](examples/incubating.md#atom-language-syntax-highlighting-for-zvm-logos)
  * [Feilong](examples/incubating.md#feilong-logos)
  * [Polycephaly](examples/incubating.md#polycephaly-logos)
  * [TerseDecompress](examples/incubating.md#tersedecompress-logos)
  * [Zorow](examples/incubating.md#zorow-logos)
* [Other Open Mainframe Project Logos](examples/other.md)
  * [Open Mainframe Project](examples/other.md#open-mainframe-project-logos)
  * [Open Mainframe Project Member](examples/other.md#open-mainframe-project-member-logos)
  * [Linux Foundation Member](examples/other.md#linux-foundation-member-logos)
  * [Zowe Conformant](examples/other.md#zowe-conformant-logos)

Use of any trademark or logo is subject to the trademark policy available at https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage with the key excepts available at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/artwork/blob/master/LICENSE.md.

The [Zowe Conformant](examples/other.md#zowe-conformant) marks are only available for use with [conformant](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/zowe/conformance) implementations and must comply with the [brand guidelines](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/projects/zowe/conformance/branding-guide).

Any provided artwork that is an icon ( for example, those provided with [Zowe](examples/active.md#zowe-logos) ) should only be used in the context where an icon is appropriate ( such as within an application ). All other cases should use the project logo ( such as in project promotion or literature, presentations, or other content ).

Questions? Please email [info@openmainframeproject.org](mailto:info@openmainframeproject.org).
